in a blender put team chickpeas cumin
seeds paprika and turmeric and blessed
to a paste
[Music]
next we'll spinach in olive oil and chop
finely then add to the chickpea mixture
sprinkle in gram flour made from finely
ground chickpeas then shave golf ball
sized chunks of the mixture using a
spoon and rest in the fridge when ready
to cook heat oil in a frying pan shallow
fry the koftas until golden brown on all
sides then rest them on kitchen paper to
absorb any excess oil for an easy
dipping sauce mix yogurt with a dollop
of tahini and a squeeze of lemon and
stir in freshly chopped coriander
a mouth-watering dish that's perfect for
sharing chick feed cumin and spinach
kofta with tahini dressing
[Music]